I think middle school especially is a
time when students are really trying to
figure out who they are and who they can
become and so having a safe environment
to do that in is absolutely key I know
that the kickstart Kids program and my
karate room was that place when I
started karate and I walked into the
karate room my first day as part of
kickstart kids I felt different I felt
comfortable and at home and I slowly
started realizing that I had the power
to define who I wanted to be the dojo
becomes to the student becomes a safe
room a safe environment and with today
with all the bullying going on a dojo
can become a home away from home if you
will a place where a student can come in
and relieve stress feel comfortable in a
rough environment it's almost like a
second home we want to do something
really close and impactful here in the
West Chase area this is our home and
we're building a new office very close
to here Paul Revere is less than 10
minutes seemed like a great
opportunities we work with pick start
kids it was identified jointly between
kick-starting ourselves when the
affinity came to part doing some kind of
partnership with Phillips 66 we were
excited we're very thrilled that such
you know organization such cooperation
we'll be able to pay for this great
programs we had about 30 employees and
guests that went to a Paul Revere the
2600 square foot old shop and completely
renovated that shop into a martial arts
studio it looks fantastic is great spot
for the kids we're helping to renovate
the room so that it'll turn from an art
classroom shop room into the new martial
arts studio to have Phillips 66 come in
and bring their volunteers in and really
it shows a lot of heart and it's gonna
become a beautiful dojo
when the beginning of the year here at
Paul Revere the kickstart program the
kids were really excited really
energetic and something new came to the
school and they really wanted to take a
part of this when I first started karate
I was expecting to like to learn things
very quick but it actually took a long
time and we had to master it before like
we could perform I figured out how much
goes into this and how much I'm gonna
have to prepare for if I want to go all
the way with this every day I look
forward to karate because I can't wait
to learn new things it's definitely a
process learning karate I think a lot of
students believe what they see on TV
they become like immediately
overnight but once I understood the the
core system the values of martial arts
and what it takes to develop in those
areas in the point of this martial art
program and that's why kickstart kids
it's so important to address them in
middle school turn them around right
there teach them all the good characters
to respect at that time so they will not
continue the bad habits on through high
school kick start teaches kids
self-discipline it allows them to
believe in themselves and believe in
others and it gives them a an ability to
stay in school all the way through which
we really like it is very important to
learn the values to become a kickstart
kid respect is most of these things if
you're if you're not responsible how are
you respecting that person that needs
you to do something if you're not kind
you're not respecting that person either
our belt ceremony that we have that we
hold twice a year it's pretty much a
graduation of rank going from their
previous rank to their next rank if
they've passed their test it shows the
accomplishments of what they're doing in
the Squier so it's exciting to see all
like hundreds of people here getting
coming together and celebrating the
success of our students I've never seen
an organization which creates so much
support from the parents
I think 85 95 percent of the the parents
show up for the bell ceremonies which is
unheard of it was nice to perform from
the parents especially my mom my mom was
very proud she was at the end she gave
me a big hug and so yeah they were
hugging there even some of them like
brought flowers and brought things to
congratulate head side that feeling of
that graduation that feeling of that
promotion it's hard to describe but when
these kids put on that gold bill it's
almost all the stress of it all the
nervousness just kind of goes away when
I put on that belt it felt like a new
journey I felt that I could do anything
that I put my mind to when I put the new
belt on my like I wanted to go all the
way with this I said I had that feeling
of accomplishment and I want to go far
I'm totally sure I can make black belt
I've been doing middle school for 13
years and I've seen a lot of very
successful programs and stuff like that
but really kickstart is party on the top
like two or three programs that you want
to have a new school I'm not only
learning karate this classroom I'm
learning it's hard to explain because
it's a lot of stuff rolls in the wind I
can get good morals for life how to
protect myself and hang with my friends
kickstart kids is like a family friendly
environment for kids to learn karate and
it's not only fun like it's really
interesting getting to know
it was such a blessing for Philip 66 to
come and sponsor the kickstart program
to come to Revere I wanted something new
and I'm so blessed that they decided to
sponsor us I want to thank Phillips 66
and the kickstart program for bringing
it to Paul Revere middle school because
it has it's a great experience and it
truly changed my life